I'm currently working on building a
hotel chain from scratch my name is
jeremy Cowart I am a photographer I'm
from Nashville Tennessee and I still
live in Nashville Tennessee I'm a
photographer a shot for the last 10
years professionally from the
Kardashians to Taylor Swift worked with
a lot of celebrities it wasn't past
decade I do a lot of humanitarian work
founded a nonprofit called help portrait
where we give photos to people in need
and I've done lots of various
independent projects in third-world
countries the kid I was just super super
normal average quiet shy you know all
those things just kind of blended into
the rest of the kids and just never
thought I could do much never expected
met Jenna myself but my parents were a
huge force in my life always encouraging
me and in college you know some point my
mom gave me a computer and they told me
about graphic design so I wanted to be a
painter wanted to be a fine artist and
so they introduced computers and
photoshop into my life which is amazing
I was doing design and a mentor kind of
friend just told me like hey you should
get into photography should go buy a
camera this is one digital photography
was brand new this is my first digital
camera and this is what I shot with
there for quite a while three freakin
megapixels that's unbelievable
so yeah this thing still turns on and
takes pictures and I loved it I should
all kinds of stuff for that
I was actually shooting for record
labels like they were hiring me to shoot
jobs
timeis crazy money to go out and
photograph people with a little point
shoot I knew how to compose in a new
light in color and so I had that you
know step up from knowing graphic design
didn't have a clue never studied
photography I didn't know anything about
it other than I can hold a camera look
at the viewfinder and take a picture
this is the main gear I take in my
camera bags the Canon 5d s and the 24 to
70 2.8 I love this new
canon lens the one to four hundred
traditionally I've used the 70 to 200
2.8 I have another 5d s in the camera
bag got a various pocket Wizards to
trigger my lights pretty much always
carry the 85 millimeter 1.2 in my camera
bag now I've got the 16 to 35 I used a
lot I've got the 50 millimeter 1.2 100
millimeter macro the 70 to 200 so those
are pretty much my standard lenses that
I use my favorite lights to use or the
Profoto b1 this thing is amazing I love
not having a battery attached to it our
first shoot using this as an Icelander
with Imogen Heap and I was just blown
away that we could be in extreme weather
conditions and just be holding a light
with nothing attached and still have a
light to use all day so this is my photo
studio this is where I do a lot of
shoots not all of them but I do shoot a
lot here we just had Garth Brooks in
here recently just did an event here
yesterday my first ever meet up with my
social media followers we had a ton of
people crowded in here that was a blast
and then I have this wall here that
rolls around the studio and actually
stores lie stands and tripods and Vee
flats and all kinds of other things that
I use on shoots so we came in and redid
everything we hand painted the floors
stained them dropped spilled paint
everywhere and then I bought these three
layered curtain thing from Ikea and I
walked in that key and I held the
different white curtains up against the
light because I wanted a curtain that
diffuse the light but you couldn't see
through it and I didn't want you to be
able to see through it for privacy
obviously but um I just need that nice
diffused light and then a second layer
of texture linen and then third layer of
blackout so when I need the studio to be
dark I can pull the black curtains and
the space literally goes pitch black so
one of my favorite things as this
projector I have right overhead I shoot
a lot with projection and usually if you
have a projector coming directly at the
subject to put the shadow on the
behind them and I don't like that cuz
I'm shooting I can see the shadow so
with an ultra short throw projector this
one's made by Epson it projects
downwards and that can fill this whole
wall with the huge image it's kind of
like acts like a green screen so I can
put any texture anything behind me the
more you learn technically the more you
can achieve creatively and I say that
because when I was an artist I didn't
learn anything technical I was just like
that artist like oh I'm just gonna live
off my creativity and my genius and I'm
gonna just do awesome stuff and there's
part of that that can work well but what
I've learned 10 years later is that oh
the more I do learn the technical stuff
the more that opens up what I can do
creatively you're never gonna be ready
you're never gonna have it all together
and just have to jump you have to go and
start doing it that's all I've ever done
with all my projects all my I mean I'm
now I'm trying to build a hotel
my name is Jeremy cour and with your
help we are about to build a hotel
unlike anything the world has ever seen
I have traveled as a photographer to
over 25 countries staying in countless
hotels they all at least get the job
done
but what if they could do more get your
stay in a hotel help create a better
life for someone else idea is that
everything in the building is doing
something is connected to a cause or a
non-profit so by staying at this hotel
by choosing this hotel you are quote
unquote changing the world in your sleep
from how does the rooms for myself how
did the desks up how does the internet
feed help there just so many great
nonprofits out there that I love the
idea kind of putting them all under one
roof in a very creative interesting way
and in a non nonprofit E way I'm gonna
feel creative and bright and celebratory
and and so yeah it's crazy
I'll have a clue to both but I have an
idea I have a vision finding the people
to bring into my world that dunno so
they no matter what you doing it's
really knowing your weaknesses I'm
always super aware when I'm not good at
and and so I find people to fill in the
gaps because everything I do pretty much
involves other people whether it's
volunteer help or interns or assistance
or this is manager Moyes finding the
right people that's a huge part of
everything I do
hi guys thank you so much for watching
this episode of creative spaces TV I'm
sitting at an airport right now but I'm
so excited to start releasing these new
episodes I just wanna say thank you to
Jeromy coward he is such a talented
individual and how about purpose hotel
if you have not checked out the
Kickstarter link down below do it
because you can be a co-founder and
starting a hotel in st. if you're new
around here my name is Sarah DGI you
daily vlogs I do creative spaces TV and
a lot of other stuff in this YouTube
channel so let me know if you like this
video make sure to hit that subscribe
button down below
if you have not yet I will see you guys
the next creative spaces TV episode next
Tuesday I'm excited bye